this is James Pratt from motley
automotive Tuscaloosa Alabama just want
to give you a quick look at this 2008
kia monte and we have in stock
very nice car very well-equipped alloy
wheels tires like brand new side of the
passenger side passenger side power seat
there
whose leather interior
for the sunroof
we didn't see anything on the interior
it's really nice side curtain airbags
did see a little small ding there and a
small lick on the door handle
nothing get me taken care of
miss power windows and locks power
driver's seat and driver seat members
your cruise radio controls on the
steering wheel heated seats the driver
and passenger energy sound system with
CD clock and trip display in the center
and automatic temperature control
you had a very nice car save you a lot
of money in my name is James Pratt
lochley automotive Tuscaloosa Alabama
you have any more questions that I can
answer number here's two or five seven
five nine four four two one my cell
phone is 205 296 44 11